whats up youtube welcome to Apple knows
I'm Corey and this is Apple knows
episode 25 in this week's episode we'll
be talking about the newly released IMAX
and what Apple's new four point three
point three update means for you so
let's get started and see what Apple
knows this week remember how I've been
stressing to wait that time has finally
paid off you're wondering when the right
time to buy an imac is the time is right
now for those of you who are unsure
about what an imac is an imac is a
computer that is an all-in-one monitor
and computer and so you don't have to
have a monitor and a computer you just
have an all-in-one and it's just a
monitor computer now that you know what
an imac is new imacs were released on
Tuesday by apple with same aluminum look
that we've all come to love and they
made them a heck of a lot faster the new
imacs compact with the quad core i5 or
i7 processors and you can get them up to
3.4 gigahertz they are also packed by
AMD's raid on HD graphic processor and
have three times faster graphics the new
iMacs also come with HD iSight cameras
that means you can dance and have a
green screen behind you and pretend like
you're I just seen or I Trevor whoever
you want to be and they also come with
fender reports you can get up to two
Thunderbolt ports and what that means is
that whenever they have accessories that
can go in the port you will have 10
megabits per second both ways also this
week Apple released iOS 4.3 point 3 and
this deals with the location bug if you
want to call it that or location gate
some people are calling it that I
reported on last week and this new
update you can delete the entire cache
on your iPhone by turning off location
services the Cash Store on your iPhone
is smaller and it no longer backs up the
cash to your computer via iTunes so now
you can feel safe using your iPhone
again
so what happened in the shade Langton
apple store in Beijing China this week
so what I'm hearing is it's not good so
supposedly there's a lot of line cutting
in the Beijing China store while waiting
for the Apple products to come out and
with this apple line cutting it caused a
lot of chaos I know from personal
experience so there was a lot of chaos
somebody from inside the apple store
supposably came out with a club and beat
four people and then walked back inside
the apple store so they're thinking that
it's an Apple employee but they're not
sure just yet but then the people in the
crowd got kind of mad that somebody came
out there and beat them up so they try
to get back in the store that's when the
guards intervened and then they didn't
let them back in the store to go beat
the other person up so then they broke
the Apple iconic glass door which is
estimated to cost forty six thousand
dollars four people were hospitalized
and right now it's not clear if it was
an Apple employee some people said it
was a foreign person and they look like
they're a Navajo employee they had the
Apple uniform on but right now Apple
hasn't confirmed anything and they will
probably keep this on the down low with
their lawyers and stuff so we probably
won't find that out but if I do I will
cover all the details because this story
is quite interesting if you upgraded to
4.3 point 3 to get rid of location gate
you'll be delighted to hear that the
untethered jailbreak and unlock is now
available for four point three point
three the iphone dev team have updated
their software pwnage tool and redsnow
so that you can jailbreak iOS 4.3 point
3 on mac and windows without having to
plug into your computer every time you
have to reboot your device
that's all that Apple knows this week
check back next week to see what else
happened nose and see what Cory knows
follow me on twitter at wwe.com / Cory
Ewing one or at pori Ewing one to make
it easier for you and I will see you in
an upcoming video bye bye